Autopilot enterprise docs (#15589)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/concepts/integrated-storage/autopilot.mdx

Autopilot enables automated workflows for managing Raft clusters. The current
feature set includes 3 main features: Server Stabilization, Dead Server Cleanup
and State API. These three features were introduced in Vault 1.7. The Enterprise

> feature set includes 2 main features: Automated Upgrades, and Redundancy Zones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feature set includes 2 main features: Automated Upgrades and Redundancy Zones.
```
```suggestion
feature set includes 2 main features: Automated Upgrades, and Redundancy Zones.
```

- `server_stabilization_time` - `10s`

## Automated Upgrades

> This capability automatically upgrades a cluster of Vault nodes to a new version as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automated Upgrades lets you automatically upgrade a cluster of Vault nodes to a new version as
```
```suggestion
This capability automatically upgrades a cluster of Vault nodes to a new version as
```

> This capability automatically upgrades a cluster of Vault nodes to a new version as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automated Upgrades lets you automatically upgrade a cluster of Vault nodes to a new version as
```
```suggestion
This capability automatically upgrades a cluster of Vault nodes to a new version as
```

updated server nodes join the cluster. Once the number of nodes on the new version is
equal to or greater than the number of nodes on the old version, Autopilot will promote
the newer versioned nodes to voters, demote the older versioned nodes to non-voters,
and initiate a leadership transfer from the older version leader to one of the newer

> versioned nodes. After the leadership transfer finishes, the older versioned non-voting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
versioned nodes. After the leadership transfer completes, the older versioned non-voting
```
```suggestion
versioned nodes. After the leadership transfer finishes, the older versioned non-voting
```

> versioned nodes. After the leadership transfer finishes, the older versioned non-voting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
versioned nodes. After the leadership transfer completes, the older versioned non-voting
```
```suggestion
versioned nodes. After the leadership transfer finishes, the older versioned non-voting
```

nodes can be removed from the cluster.

## Redundancy Zones

Redundancy Zones provide both scaling and resiliency benefits by deploying non-voting
nodes alongside voting nodes on a per availability zone basis. When using redundancy zones,

> each zone will have exactly 1 voting node and as many additional non-voting nodes as desired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
each zone will have exactly one voting node and as many additional non-voting nodes as desired.
```
```suggestion
each zone will have exactly 1 voting node and as many additional non-voting nodes as desired.
```

> each zone will have exactly 1 voting node and as many additional non-voting nodes as desired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
each zone will have exactly one voting node and as many additional non-voting nodes as desired.
```
```suggestion
each zone will have exactly 1 voting node and as many additional non-voting nodes as desired.
```
